[Excel] (Custom Functions) Updates to AsyncStorage docs + save/state (#924)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-architecture.md

| Custom functions runtime 	| Browser engine runtime 	|
|------------------------------------------------------------------	|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	|
| Supports returning a value from a cell 	| Supports Office.js APIs and UI elements 	|

> | Does not have `localStorage` object, instead uses `Office.Storage` 	| Has `localStorage` object, can optionally use `Office.Storage` object 	|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Does not have `localStorage` object, instead uses the `Office.Storage` object. 	| Has `localStorage` object, can optionally use the `Office.Storage` object. 	|
```

Your custom functions code cannot directly interact with code in other parts of your web add-in, like the task pane because they are in different runtimes. But in some scenarios you may need to share data, such as passing a token.

> `Office.Storage` can be used to store data from your custom functions and get data from your task pane code. For more information about storing and sharing data, see [Save and share state](custom-functions-save-state.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Office.Storage` object can be used to store data from your custom functions and get data from your task pane code. For more information about storing and sharing data, see [Save and share state](custom-functions-save-state.md).
```

Reviewer: I like this being a first usage "Office.Storage object", but I think we can omit the namespace later to just "Storage object".

> You can see a code sample using `Office.Storage` in this [Github repository](https://github.com/OfficeDev/PnP-OfficeAddins/tree/master/Excel-custom-functions/AsyncStorage) dedicated to patterns and practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see a code sample using the `Storage` object in this [Github repository](https://github.com/OfficeDev/PnP-OfficeAddins/tree/master/Excel-custom-functions/AsyncStorage) dedicated to patterns and practices.
```

> For more general information about `Office.Storage`, see [Custom functions runtime](./custom-functions-runtime.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more general information about the `Storage` object, see [Custom functions runtime](./custom-functions-runtime.md).
```

> `Office.Storage` can also be useful for authentication. For more information, see [Custom functions authentication](custom-functions-authentication.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Storage` object can also be useful for authentication. For more information, see [Custom functions authentication](custom-functions-authentication.md).
```
